total 8
drwxr-xr-x@ 24 jorgechavarriaga  staff  768 May  8 13:58 .
drwxr-xr-x@ 16 jorgechavarriaga  staff  512 May  8 11:03 ..
-rw-r--r--   1 jorgechavarriaga  staff  920 May  8 13:56 README.md
drwxr-xr-x   3 jorgechavarriaga  staff   96 Mar 21 16:58 buttonsAddAnswer
-rw-r--r--   1 jorgechavarriaga  staff    0 May  8 13:58 list.txt
drwxr-xr-x   3 jorgechavarriaga  staff   96 Mar 21 17:30 requestLocation
drwxr-xr-x   3 jorgechavarriaga  staff   96 May  8 12:51 saveFile
drwxr-xr-x   4 jorgechavarriaga  staff  128 May  6 16:45 sendAudio
drwxr-xr-x   3 jorgechavarriaga  staff   96 Mar 21 17:21 sendButtonUrl
drwxr-xr-x   3 jorgechavarriaga  staff   96 Mar 21 17:14 sendButtons
drwxr-xr-x   3 jorgechavarriaga  staff   96 May  6 16:57 sendCatalog
drwxr-xr-x   3 jorgechavarriaga  staff   96 May  8 09:07 sendContacts
drwxr-xr-x   5 jorgechavarriaga  staff  160 May  8 12:19 sendFile
drwxr-xr-x   4 jorgechavarriaga  staff  128 May  8 10:11 sendImage
drwxr-xr-x   3 jorgechavarriaga  staff   96 May  8 10:13 sendList
drwxr-xr-x   3 jorgechavarriaga  staff   96 May  8 10:24 sendLocation
drwxr-xr-x   4 jorgechavarriaga  staff  128 May  8 10:39 sendMedia
drwxr-xr-x   3 jorgechavarriaga  staff   96 May  8 10:39 sendMessage
drwxr-xr-x   3 jorgechavarriaga  staff   96 May  8 09:31 sendMessageMeta
drwxr-xr-x   3 jorgechavarriaga  staff   96 May  8 11:06 sendMessageToApi
drwxr-xr-x   3 jorgechavarriaga  staff   96 May  8 11:12 sendReaction
drwxr-xr-x   3 jorgechavarriaga  staff   96 May  6 16:57 sendTemplate
drwxr-xr-x   3 jorgechavarriaga  staff   96 May  8 12:04 sendText
drwxr-xr-x   3 jorgechavarriaga  staff   96 May  8 12:19 sendVideo
